Light Setup Instructions (Run once per studio)

1. Connect the light chip to the battery pack. Wait until it flashes yellow.
2. Once it is on, press the button on the side of the battery pack to enable "Trickle Charge Mode". A small green dot will appear on the battery display.
3. At this point, connect your laptop to the "Studio-Light-Setup" wifi access point (no password)
4. Once connected, open your browser and go to http://192.168.4.1:8080 (no login required)
5. Add your wifi information into the "known networks" json thing, using the existing networks as a template, and press "save"
6. The light will turn green to indicate that it's joined the network, and then it will turn off. It's now ready

Ableton Setup Instructions

1. Download StudioLight.zip from the QR code or url onto your device running Ableton
2. Unzip StudioLight.zip
3. In the left sidebar, under "Places" click "User Library"
4. Create a folder in your user library called "Remote Scripts" if it doesn't already exist
5. Copy the "StudioLight" folder from the unzipped folder into your Remote Scripts folder (drag and drop)
6. In Ableton settings, click "Link, Tempo & MIDI"
7. Under "MIDI", Select "StudioLight" from the "Control Surface" dropdown menu. If StudioLight doesn't show up, try restarting Ableton. The "Input" and "Output" columns should say "None".
8. When you click the record button in Ableton, the light should now turn on.

Choosing the Light Color

By default the recording light glows red. To pick a different color, just
change the color of your Ableton Master track (right-click the Master
track header in the mixer, then pick a color from the palette). The
recording light will switch to that color the next time you record, and
will also update live if you change it while recording.

Change the master track color back to its original (or any color that
matches what it was when Ableton started) to revert the light to the
default red. The master track color is only used as the "recording
light color picker" because it isn't typically changed for other
reasons.
